
1. Register Account (buyer, seller)
   Buyer/Seller shall register as a member to access the purchasing system.
   Buyer/Seller shall insert username, password, email, phone number and address to register and access the system.

2. Login System (buyer, seller, admin)
   Buyer/Seller/Administrator shall insert username and password to login to the system.
   The system shall display an error message if the buyer/seller/administrator insert either username or password incorrectly.
   Buyer/Seller/Administrator can reset the password or username if the user insert wrongly.
   The system will shut down if the Buyer/Seller/Administrator wrongly insert password more than 5 times.

3. Manage Personal Information (buyer, seller)
   Buyer/Seller shall able to update their personal information such as user name, password, email, phone number and address.
   The system shall verify the old password before change to new password.
   The system shall display successful message if the buyer/seller confirm making change for personal information.
   The system shall display error message to buyer/seller if their insert wrong old password.
   The system shall display declined message if the buyer/seller decline making change for personal information.

4. View Product Detail (buyer)
   The system shall display detailed information of the products  to the buyer such as product name, price, picture, rating and etc.
   The system shall display detailed product categorization to the buyer.

5. Search Product (admin, buyer, seller)
   The system shall enable administrator/buyer/seller to enter the search text on the screen.
   The system shall enable administrator/buyer/seller to select multiple options on the screen to search.
   The system shall display all the matching products based on the search
   The system shall display only 10 matching result on the current screen.
   The system shall enable administrator/buyer/seller/visitor to navigate between the search results.
   The system shall notify the administrator/buyer/seller/visitor when no matching product is found on the search.

6. Make Order (buyer)
   The system shall provide shopping cart.The system shall provide shopping cart.
   The system shall allow buyer to add a products in the shopping cart.
   The system shall allow buyer to remove a products from the shopping cart.
   The system shall allow buyer to view the list of products in the shopping cart.
   The system shall display confirmation message if the user select the finish order button.
   The system shall display successful message if the user confirm to make an order from the confirmation message.
   The system shall display “no order in the cart” message if the user did not make an order after select the confirm button.
   The system shall display declined message if the buyer decline the order from the confirmation message.

7. Make Payment (buyer, admin)
   The system shall display detailed invoice for current order once it is confirmed.
   The system shall display the buyer information such as username, delivery address, telephone number, list of order and total payment, seller name and etc.
   The system shall allow buyer to view the detailed invoice.
   The system shall allow buyer to print the invoice.

8. Manage Sales Product (seller, admin)
   Seller/admin can add product(s) according to the category to the system.
   Seller/admin can delete product(s) according to the category to the system.    
   Seller/admin can update the product information from the system.
   The system shall display confirmation message to seller/admin for the existing change of the product information.
   The system shall display declined message if the seller/admin decline making change of the sales product.